Brother, don't worry.
If I'm here, I won't fall in the car.
Li Cao
Li Cang
I said you would marry me
It's gonna be okay.
You'll be fine, Li Cang
Li Cang
Has the magic doctor in Yanjing arrived?
He is Lincang
Last Hope
Mr. Mu Lincang has been missing three years
You got him so many doctors
He can't be cured
Yuqian, how can you say that?
Mr. Mu, I just don't want this fool to drag you down
So many years
You've taken care of him enough
You can't even take care of the company.
Enough. He owns the company
He's just sick now.
I should take care of him
Hey
Beautiful sister, take a shower
But look at the fool.
Is he stupid all his life?
Are you going to take care of him for the rest of your life?
If he is stupid all his life
I will take care of him for the rest of my life
I want to wash Xiangxiang
I want to wash it for nothing
Wash incense wash white